question - Who is Extra 0rdinnary and where did his journey begin?

answer - Extra 0rdinnary is a esports enthusiast , who loves to cover all the gaming community despite the differnces .
         my aim is to deliver actual esports news for the gaming community .
         my journey begin from july 2018 .

q- Where did you get the idea of your name “Extra 0rdinnary”

a- i got the idea by looking at my friend who held the pen in an unusal way . when i asked him that why he hols the pan in this manner 
   to which he replied "you are ordinary and i'm extraordinary " . So , from there i got the idea . 

q- Did you have any controversy with any player or Organizer in past?

a- no 

q- Most often, you didn’t cover controversies on your channel. What is the reason behind it ?

a- the main reasns i dont cover controversies are Firstly, controversies are mostly rage moments between players . Rage happens among
   the players often . rage moments are impulsive decision which are not serious . I Want A healthy esports news wnvironment for the gaming community 
   and covering controversies are not a good addition to it. Secondly , i cover the controversies only when i know 
   the full side of story and also if it doesnt affect the players mental health . Also , i cover the controversies
   only if they are for the awareness for the gaming community like a sacmming organization , tournament etc.


q- From how many years you are following eSports/ interested in gaming?

a - i have been intrested in games since childhood but i started folloeing esports after the launch of pubg mobile .


q- As far my knowledge, earlier the concept of gaming news is not popular in India, From where do you get the idea of delivering regular gaming news?

a- when i started my esports gaming news journey , i came to know about news channels in foreign countries and after some
   research i found that there was no such channel in India . So i got the idea of starting my own esports news channel.

q- Rather than providing gaming news and leaks, did Extraordinary ever think to participate or compete in any major eSports tournament?

a- no , im just a casual gamer , playing serious esports is not my forte .

q- As of now, you are not been sponsored or recruited by any team or Organisation. Are you aiming to be recruited by any particular team as a Front-face of their organization?

a- yes, i would like to join teams/ organizations if they offer a good deal because previously i have gotten
  offers from few organizations but they were not offering the good deal . So , a good organization with a good deal
  is the priority .

q- As of now, you are delivering two to three videos in a day. How do you manage your timing for delivering multiple videos?

a- Recently, Jake lucky who got nominated for Esports Awards 2020 , he post
   3-4 videos a day . i took the inspiration from him for posting 3-4 videos a day . Also , i want to get nominated
   for the esports awards as well. Timing is all about management and mangement is about being desciplined . I have my own
   schedule set which keeps me disciplined and therfore helps me in managing the time .


q- Where do you think Indian esports is lagging behind and How they can improve themselves?

a- our esports lagging behind because there is little to no support between pc games and mobile games and also there is
   descrimination between mobile games like BGMI vs free fire . All the games should be treated equally because its a
  "Gaming" Community . Also , there is no support from the Government regarding esports in india .
   Improvement can be done firstly from the esports organizations by not kicking out players when they do not
   perform . Instead they should help the players physically and mentally to tackle their problems . Secondly , 
   like many foreign contries Indian government should also support esports environment in India . 
   Esports should be treated as a sport. Last but not the least Love over Hate , every player in the gaming community
    should help and support each other.   


we can do anything in life  


 


  

